---
categories: startup
---
> How to start a startup?

1. Idea
2. Product
3. Team
4. Execution

Good execution is much harder then good idea.

**1. Idea**
- Ideas should be **Mission-driven**. Then you will be able to persuade other people ( your team and investors )
- **Start in a small market**, and expand quickly.
- Consider the **future size of the market**, not only the current size of the market. You can change everything in a startup but market. What good for being a student is that you can anticipate which market will grow really fast.
- **Why now** this idea, this particular time, this particular startup?
- **Talk to your customers** for the first version.
- You should describe your service in **one sentence**.
- Meet your potential **cofounders** while you are a student. This is more important then building a startup
- Think first about the **market**, demand of market.

**2. Product**
- Before your startup have a **great product**, nothing else is important.
- If your users _like_ your product, your company will fail. Your users should **love** your product. It's more important to build a product that small number of people **love**, then a product that many people _like_.
- Thinking of growth before having a product that people LOVE, you'll probably end up losing your resources.
- Building a good product is hard. **Target small users**, but it should be loved.
- Don't use ads for initial users. Find potential users manually, recruit them by your hands. **Organic** is important.
- Use a **feedback cycle**. Get user feedbaack, use them for product decisions( What do they like? What would they pay for? What would make them recommend it? ), and get user feedback again.
- Focus on growth, then anything else.

* * *
If you don't achieve above, **ANYTHING** matters. So, in your early stage, just keep working on great idea, and great product.